Network the timer's on all right we're
rolling
first of all before we get started I
want to say thank you to Luis Jake Gomez
for hooking this up shout out to the
Legion of skanks without them we would
be nothing yes what's up Joe Rogan's
brother hey I'm alive you're a lot look
man I've been following this whole
everybody's been following you yeah but
first of all tax should be its own
you're very supportive Joe I mean that
means a lot to me I'm happy to see you
how healthy yeah you look good your face
looks good yeah thin hey look at you
look healthy you look like you're
vibrant yeah now I I'm present I talked
to Dennis he'll and Dave Attell came to
visit me in rehab and he said you're
president you don't want to leave every
five seconds yeah which is what cocaine
does to you right you know so now I feel
good I feel good I mean it's I got nine
months clean that's amazing yeah that's
amazing two days ago what's the hump
like what do they say you have to get
over before you stay clean well first of
all my drug history is insane it's it
started when the first time I got high
and I tell these young kids cuz you know
I'm 52 now so I was in you know I was in
rehab and jail and a halfway house the
last eight months and with some of the
craziest motherfuckers you've ever met
in your life and they all have stories
but once they know my story because I
had some success in life basically as a
full-blown junkie they're fascinated by
it right and the first time I got high
was 1979 okay Jimmy Jimmy Carter was
president so when you tell it 23 year
old kid that they're like blown away
that I'm even alive and I am too
I was I I hit a homerun in Little League
I'll never forget this and I my buddy's
older brother wish to call this kid's
sick jack I don't know what happened to
him but he he handed me a joint and I
took a puff on a weed and from 11 years
old I knew I loved it so much I just
loved B I love the feeling of being out
of control you talk to a normal person
they go
I hate being out of control I loved it
I love like Wow and you have an excuse
for it I was fucked up yeah that's the
thing yeah excuse for being wild an
excuse for just being a screw up too you
know and my own man was a lunatic he was
not a drug addict or an alcoholic but he
was a criminal you know he was a
low-level criminal he came in the
streets of New York and got to like the
10th grade in high school and he was
like my favorite human being of all time
he was like my older brother but I saw
him do a lot of bad shit you know I saw
him fight all the time he was a boxer
when he was young and just the real
street smart guy and his life was chaos
and I love the chaos I was addicted to
risk that's why I'm a gambler too so
when cocaine came into my life a few
years later I was 16 the first time I
did a line of blow and that was really
fun because now you're up all the time
and and that started basically a 35-year
drug run that didn't end to like nine
months ago I mean I don't know if it's
ended you know that's the thing I don't
put pressure on myself
I'm like it's one that one day at a time
stuff it sounds so cliche but I take it
one minute at a time
I can't guarantee people I'm never gonna
get high again I just know I'm not gonna
get high too next ten minutes and I
don't want again there is your risk of
saying that you don't know if you're
ever gonna get high again I like you
know what the direct opposite is true
that's what they tell you in a program
like Narcotics Anonymous and again I'm
not some big program guy and I didn't
turn to some God guy anything like that
but I'm a little more spiritual I would
say and you know it's all stuff you know
you should tell me the last time I was
on the show you know you're telling me
to try to like you know exercise
anything anything that gets you through
today that's positive you know I in
other words my by saying you'll never
get high again and I used to do that all
the time
when you really bullshit in yourself and
everybody else you put a lot of pressure
on yourself you know I like to say even
these young kids these poor kids man are
looking at a lot of jail time
prison time - living under a fucking
bridge some of these kids and they got
nothing that's why you know the careers
of me and you
and congratulations on your everything
you've done Joe man you just could
you're a solid guy a great talent but
you know I the careers we have are such
blessings I mean we're living out a
dream you know and these kids have
nothing and for a 23 year old kid to say
in a in a group therapy session anywhere
I'm never gonna get high again that's
the one thing to say you're never gonna
do anything again and even for me at 52
years old I love it
you got to say I love I love being high
I love the chaos I love the lifestyle
you get addicted to the lifestyle too
cuz you live like you don't live like
everybody else you know and I had a
means of making money legally and you
know these kids had a Rob to get all the
shit and and so that was enabling too we
live in an enabling world but uh to say
you're never gonna get high again is so
much pressure to say I don't know and
just work on the next day and for me
it's like I take it minute by minute
literally I did I got high like we're
here on the Lower East Side of Manhattan
right now I got high everywhere here
back in the 80s I used to come here a my
my buddies older brother and get
mescaline hits ludes back in a day you
know we in Washington Square Park blow
so there's triggers all over the place
so I just say if I can get this one more
just get one more block without fucking
out that turns into a day and in time
you know so it's it's harder to say for
yourself I I'll never get high again
what was the long as he went before this
nine-month stretch it feels like the
last time I had nine months clean I was
nine months old
no I okay you know in the late nineties
I came out of LA County Jail my well
again the first time I got arrested for
I got arrested for attempted bank
robbery when I was 17 years old I wrote
a back tell her a joke nope that said I
have a gun and I went to jail and I got
a probation I asked Estella for $50,000
and and
she started to give me the money and she
puts she hit the sound alarm I was with
my girlfriend at the time I was 17 she
was 18 so a SWAT team showed up to our
house we just left and what do you have
the money I I didn't take the money
tonight if she started to give me the
money but again this is my fucked up
personality for her I I was like wow I'm
gonna get 50 G's you know and she
started to give it to me but then
something said I can't do this I took
the note I gave her and I crumpled it up
I said I'm just kidding and I threw it
in a garbage can I get in my
girlfriend's car and she drives away she
goes what happened I didn't tell her I
go out now it's bullshit they had her
name because she had an account she's an
adult
oh geez and a SWAT team shows up in her
house so we both get arrested were
handcuffed and I go to jail she III I
say plea and her old man I think was
connected it was like a mob guy and he
sat me down and he goes when you rob a
bank you know take my daughter he didn't
ever probably robbing a bag he had a
problem that I took his daughter
you don't think women when you rob a
bank you and I go I wasn't trying to rob
a girls night because I know you you're
a crazed you crack anyone but but again
I I just loved the the action yeah
that's why I love gambling so um I go
out to LA I get me a TV now I'm making
10 grand a week and then I got a bad
cocaine problem and I started gambling
the first Tyson Holyfield fight
I lost $25,000 I thought Tyson was gonna
fucking kill him and Quincy Jones who
produced MADtv got us ringside seats at
the at the fight and I lose 25 grand on
a fight another 8 grand at the tables I
get blow I take it on a plane back to LA
at one o'clock in the morning I take a
swing at a cop and I go to LA County
Jail for trying to assault the cop and
he found that eight ball okay so I had
an eight ball of coke on me I take a
swing at a cop and that's my last day at
man TV oh Jesus I will use this this is
1996 right after we did that sketch of
mithya which is like 95 I think that was
96 it was 96 a second okay which is
funny to watch because it's so fucking
long ago it's about about a month
after that we did we taped that sketch I
got arrested Wow and so I go to LA
County
I come out LA County I'm on probation
and I got to take urine test everything
so I got clean so to answer your
question I had almost a year clean at
that point and then after that it was
loss to the races again I so nine months
is the second longest I've had clean
since I'm 11 years old no what are you
doing for thrills like do you have to
replace the Joe Rogan back do you have
to do something to replace well the
feeling ambling or a void because you're
not gambling right that's an excellent
question no I can't I can't do anything
right because it escalates right that's
all right it escalates if I put a fight
on a bet on a roulette table right now
by tomorrow morning I'd be running guns
to Cuba I'd have a human trafficking
ring everything the badness just gets
worse and worse because I can't have a
beer you know right right and that's
hard to that's hard to admit to yourself
though you know I mean I can't have one
beer and it took me a long time agree of
that concept some people can so I've had
moments where you could have one beer in
your life like that you ever gone what I
rather Tsaritsa have a couple beers and
that's it
yeah watching a game but the problem is
I mix vices III tell us that when I was
a longshoreman at the port in Newark
okay for a couple of years I was the
orange juice beer this happened twice I
had a bookie I used to gamble with so
drinking and coke and gambling does not
mix well that's why to give you free
drinks at a casino because you've you
know messed up yeah so I'm from Monday
Night Football the bookie took bets up
till eight o'clock kickoff was nine
o'clock so at 5:30 right after I got out
of work I would call the book and I
would say give me give me a thousand
dollars on the Giants play the Cowboys
give me a thousand on the Giants then I
start drinking seven thirty comes around
I forget I made the bet two separate
times I bet on the other team at 7:30 I
called the book and I said give me the
Cowboys so all I could do is lose the
big loose so this happened twice so the
bookie bookies taped all your calls and
they destroy the tape at the end
for it cuz the cops get it but what they
do is they have the calls on tape in
case you have a like you have a dispute
I got a bet that it goes on I got you on
tape doing it so I said to the bookie
why did you let me do that he goes cuz
you gotta learn a life lesson I go
thanks mr. bookie for giving me a life
lesson you know I'm trying to win money
and he goes I got a tape you at
five-thirty making a bet so at 5:30 I'm
like all articulate I go yeah give me
the Giants laying seven over two Cowboys
give me the under over 41 give me a dime
which is a thousand dollars you just
here's you at 7:30 give me the fucking
Cowboys
I want the Cowboys in the other Parlin
and you'll hear him try to go you just
bet the judge flogged you know I didn't
I shake on the phone
give him the gab boys I'm a Cowboys I
met some girl who's a cowboy he took me
in uh so he's a bookies try to give me
life coaching - oh my god so so what
happens is if I would go have the one
beer on a Tuesday night in February -
sports bar then I realized Virginia Tech
is playing in a college basketball game
I bet Virginia Tech then I have two
beers then I got coked and it's over so
your question is a great question what
do I do
what do you replacing it with that's
that's where this business which is
taking me back now I think 11 times my
11th comeback I have fans that I got
that you know threw me a TV and the
stern so of course that are so loyal
stand up stand up this dis business yeah
doing what we're doing right now toilet
do another funny guy who I love
bullshitting
making money doing comedy I have a gig
tonight in Poughkeepsie I'm going to
Poughkeepsie you know and I'm gonna get
on stage and talk to people for an hour
and make a lot of money doing it he's
doing bananas no I'm doing a place go
laugh it up laugh it up in Poughkeepsie
so yeah I did the bananas thing a bunch
of noise but so so you know that that
that's that's it that's what I'm
grabbing onto right now cuz women I've
lost three I say this all the time I
lost three fiancees because of heroin
heroin saved me a lot of money
I dodge three torpedoes with that the
heroin was way less expensive than a
divorce so you know right now I cling to
my work comedies the only thing that
hasn't abandoned me yes you know in a
lot of ways and you know there's
businesses you know that keeps taking me
back you know a lot of people are
addicts they get really addicted like
marathon running right have you ever
thought of doing some fun okay it's like
a crazy idea but you if you could think
you could run a block let me can you run
- yeah it's a you know you run a mile
yeah actually no I'm gonna do a 5k well
I do what I do a bit about this am i
stand the back one the first time I
tried to get off heroin just this um
this trainer who I hired this kid he
said manok I guarantee you a heroin high
is not as good as a running high and I
said to him have you ever tried heroin
he goes no I go well then you're not
qualified to be in this fucking
confident
cuz I've done heroin and on occasion
I've run and it's not even close so
anyway you get a running huh you got to
be in really good shape and it's got a
run more than 20 feet yeah why yeah I
mean I mean do you run is that what you
yeah yeah I mean I would love to get
that kind of thing in my life again I'm
at way healthier than I ever was in a
long time where are you living
I live in Hoboken New Jersey yeah
there's gotta be a place near there yeah
there's nothing that's the thing about
nowadays young comics like you forget
about the drug culture if a 25 year old
comedian has some gluten he starts to
freak out let they go - so they go to
Alcoholics Anonymous they have gluten -
take so there's nothing but healthy shit
going on mmm in Hoboken it's not to put
young people jogging Pilates yoga you
know something to get addicted to you
can get addicted I'm for sure it did -
the exercise all right I know that I
don't have about you for a long time but
it can help you yeah yeah well that that
getting something like that my life
would be the ultimate turnaround
yes yeah because I love sports I'm
good athlete I was an all-state baseball
player and I I could shoot hoops I was
playing a lot of basketball in jail yeah
I was running full courts well I got an
outside shot like crazy and but I'm the
kind of guy I have here my coordination
I could gain weight playing basketball I
don't even move I just shoot the ball
right the running thing is something I
you know I got a releasing endorphins
yes what you just said see that's a very
insightful question because the whole
the whole thing is substituting die
yeah with something out finding
something else you're obsessed with yeah
my life I've always been obsessed with
things but luckily none of them have
been bad right you know it's been but
it's the same personality the same
personality that could have led me to be
a junkie let me just get obsessed with
martial arts or comedy or I wish I got
addicted to martial arts and heroin yeah
I mean I struggle with video games yeah
cool
like I need anything that's like that I
could get better at well that's what you
know it's funny I everything in my life
went back to drugs you know I love
shooting pool - yeah yeah we played when
my studio yeah I I found though when I
did cocaine I was better pool because I
focus yeah you've got a lot of guys take
amphetamines yeah and you have this
hand-eye coordination gets better so
you're playing 9-ball or something
actually what I have a movie script I'm
trying right called booger sugar 9 boy
where a guy gets way better
he becomes the best and I hope they're
okay so has to keep getting the money
playing pool there's all the best guys
from back in the day they were all
taking amphetamines like buddy hall and
all these like yeah yeah they were all
they were all drug addicts they're
likely in days and days at a time yeah
well if it the movie - hustler with that
we're guessing they play for it that was
booze that was just booze but these guys
really did do that
yeah these guys played for they got on
pills and they played for days the key
is what you said obsession yes obsession
I get obsessed over a woman I'm dating
yes I get obsessed never you know if
anything I like yeah I don't want to
stop yeah I want to keep rewarding
myself the situation you know you're
you're you're a very successful guy so
is someone gonna be able to tell you I
was making all this money and I'm taking
care of people around me supporting
people around me
and so who's gonna tell me to stop right
you know that is always a problem that's
a problem with people it's a real
problem yeah like I make millions of
dollars a year yeah fuck you something's
going right yeah I'm not gonna stop
right then what happened is I got I got
legal consequences like I've never had
before so your situation now like you
can't if you test positive at all for
anything you're fucked I could go to
jail like even if like I smoked a joint
in this room with you if it came up I
mean that's that that's you know
everybody again I'm on this thing called
drug court which is like probation on
steroids it's kind of new it's only 20
years old the premise of it is there's
not a lot of guys with my charges right
now I have a third degree possession
charge right now and um because the the
the charge in LA is so long ago that was
expunged off my record so technically I
got a first-time offense third degree
not a lot of guys with that little of a
charge get drug court drug court is for
people who can't stop robbing people
because there's in other words they were
putting everybody in jail for robbing
stuff and they linked that behavior back
to drug use they were stealing that
support the drug habit so to get all
these robberies on their jacket and and
they go okay to try to help you instead
of giving you prison wouldn't give you
this thing called drug court but you got
a report like like I gave five urines
this week you know so if I if I got high
first of all my situation cuz I'm well
known the second III give clean urine
clean your and clean urine and then 1:30
it's all over you know yeah the news now
are they why do they give you such a
harsh sentence if it's just possession I
I don't really know are they trying to
make an exact I think that's part of it
yeah because you know every time when I
got the first charge was just regular
probation and I got no new charges or
anything it was all these technical
violations because I kept piss and dirty
and eventually after I feel that they
gave me drug court but you know again I
got no problem with the people and
illegals but what is what is your
feeling I'm like what works how do you
get someone it for you is it being
scared is it that's pouring
you got you got a want to do it right
did and you want to do it right now but
wasn't because they threatened you with
so much Lee I mean it is their it what
I'm trying to get at is is there like a
method to this that makes any sense
which I'm supposed to be but the father
okay the premise I think that the best
thing about jail for a drug addict is it
actually locks you away from the drugs
for a little while because you see now
cocaine made my life chaos for a long
time but when heroin came into the game
forget it
lights out heroin is if I saw some kid
thinking about trying heroin for the
first time I would tackle them I would
do anything to get them to stop because
the only way to stop this this opioid
crisis is prevention
you know doctors became pushers with
oxys it's nothing like that you know
drug companies it's a lot of money you
know yeah I'm a legal and illegal side
of it so once once heroin gets in your
system you need it every eight hours you
need it every eight hours like it's
oxygen so you become desperate
withdrawals are insane so is it insane
like what does it work it's insanity
well okay when I became a you know again
my story on a Howard Stern Show the big
headline at the end of why I left that
show was and I I speak sometimes in NA
meetings and I try to get this through
young people's heads I was basically a
full-blown junkie I'm the biggest radio
show of all time yeah I mean that's
that's the headline that's that's what
you know saw nodding off on the air but
I also had a full time stand-up comedy
schedule so my life became the kind of
chaos that not many human beings have
ever seen so I would I would have gigs
and Pittsburgh Phoenix in Detroit three
weeks in a row then I got to get back at
6 a.m. to be honest I'm now I was by the
end I was so paranoid to bring drugs on
a plane but I needed the heroin to get
on stage because the Signet picture the
flu times 10 that's what that's what
withdrawals are and there's there's
aches all the emotional pain your mask
and comes back so it's withdrawals are a
living hell so when you see the
withdrawals coming you see the heroin
getting out of your system you're like
okay it's
to get really bad then you realize most
people can't leave the room then you
realize you got to do five radio shows a
week and then you got to fly to Detroit
and do stand-up on a Saturday night so
when I landed in Detroit I wouldn't have
heroin so my life became a dance of like
I would land in every city and I would
say I would I would get in a cab and I'd
say the cab driver I need kid can't ID
heroin I got a score otherwise I can't
do the show sometimes a guy would
recognize me and and want tickets to the
show I would go to the worst part of
Detroit okay
or the worst part of anywhere anywhere
any city and try to fight the heroin
because in an hour I got to be onstage
and in 20 minutes I'm gonna be deathly
sick when I say sick like shit in my
pants throwing up so this is you're
getting there no connections no
connections not school yeah I used to
call them I used to call them dope sick
sets because with drawers they call it
dope sickness and I one time I was on
stage in Orlando Florida I do an hour
half an hour into my set I realize I'm
gonna shit my pants in front of 2,000
people so I said okay in my head and I
get on with your act sometimes you got
jokes you could do like a robot
so I'm just I'm just going through the
motions and you say this it'll get a
laugh you say just look at a laugh when
I realize I'm gonna shit my pants okay
in front of 2,000 people so I said
there's two choices I can either say
guys I gotta go to the bathroom listen
to some music and go shit or shit my
pants in front of 3,000 did you shit
your pants
no I I said play a song did you tell
them are you gonna shit your pants I
came back and I said I was gonna shit my
pants okay did you start fans like oh it
would have been funnier if you shit your
pants so I got stern feds who knows
about to shoot my pants the last
half-hour of the show is like them
yelling shit your pants yeah Darryl
particularly ruthless I remember I saw
you at the Lex the Luxor in Vegas yeah
when the first times ever saw you in
front of a stern fan right like the
stern fan group and right they're
ruthless it's crazy yeah it's crazy they
did and then they say that they love you
but then there's
Bremen shit out and you know in Vegas is
another again so that became my life the
chaos was insane what do you think was
encouraged to like the people in
currently did they enjoy the fact that
you were off the rails
some people do yeah some people didn't
be cut because of that do you think that
like you identified with that like this
is who I am this is what I do that's a
great question absolutely part of me
said maybe this is my thing yeah you
know and that's that you bullshitting
yourself because that's also you saying
it's a reason to continue yes you know I
could keep fucking up because this is
how I make money yes and this is my lot
of money a lot of money yeah I mean I
okay the the most money ever did make
him stand up stand that most money I
made it was actually at Mandalay Bay
Superbowl Eve 2007 this is an example of
my life and one night I made a hundred
and forty grand to one stand okay I got
70 grand for two shows I did two shows
I'm on the plane flying back from Vegas
I'm doing the math between the gambler
the drugs and the hookers I lost one
hundred and forty five thousand okay
when I got home my accounts what I was
gonna give a check for a hundred forty
grands I said I need five g's oh Jesus I
made $140,000 and a night one night my
father climbed rules for a living okay
he he never made that in 30 years and
and then I'm going back to co-host the
biggest radio show ever and I lost a
hundred but I had a ten thousand dollar
hooker who looked like a young Carmen
Electra and and a guy I lost money
playing craps I lost on the game and and
the drugs I bought Jesus I was not a
hundred forty-five down so after I paid
out my commission to the three ages the
weekend cost me like 40 grand have you
put this in a book yeah I don't know if
that story's in a book I'm right I wrote
another book in jail so I wrote a fourth
book good
it's called ripping and running and I'm
trying to I'm trying to get a deal right
fuck wouldn't give you a deal for that
Jesus Christ that's just one fucking
story of
I'm sure yeah of madness that's the
thing about those stories they're so
great like it's such a catch-22 right
like the stories are so amazing and and
people love you for those stories but
they also want you to be cleaned
well here's so so that's the catch-22
you know and then I'm saying to myself
so again the answer your original
question is a is the art if I were to be
honest with you right now the reason the
thing that got me the method I'm using
now are consequences if I didn't have
jail hanging on my head I don't know
what what happened today but I think I'm
far enough out of getting hot like I got
it's the drugs are finally out of my
fucking system there's other drugs they
give you that are basically legal dope
there's this thing called suboxone and
losing an opiate blocker but it's dope
you know the do do it it stops you from
getting high on heroin but it stops the
withdrawals too so you also get high you
know it's an opioid yeah but it's legal
and so if you're on what they call some
box and maintenance you uh you can pee
with that in your urine and you'll be
alright if they know you're on it but
you're getting huh through a doctor
you're getting I it's like methadone
right methadone we used to have these
guys that would come to the pool hall
we'd call them the methadone Ian's yeah
they would go down the street they'd get
their methadone it comes to the pool
hall maybe just be zombies okay another
story about methadone for a little while
I took methadone at a methadone clinic
while I was on Howard because I was
desperately trying to get off heroin but
look again the only diversity methadone
and heroin is legality lately one so the
courts are cool with one for some reason
and the other one is illegal I mean if
if you have no legal issues why not just
keep doing heroin it makes no fucking
sense probably like better for you
heroin is the one drug that doesn't
affect any organ like the way people die
on heroin is you you overdose but like
look at Keith Richards I mean he just
got good shit he got pure shit yeah and
he never od'd and died so like he's
almost preserved it kind of doesn't
affect your liver nothing like that
so so there's no real health
consequences other than over other than
really other than odeon and the
withdrawals because it becomes a part of
your body is they thought like
it's it's again I'm not recommending it
it's a living hell it's a living out the
lifestyle and the people that get into
your life because of it but so a couple
of times I went to a methadone clinic
that opened at 6:00 a.m. because the guy
was a fan of Stern he would let me come
into the methadone clinic at 5:30 and
get I took a shit they give it to you an
orange juice okay take a shot of orange
juice with the methadone twice I threw
up on the air and one time the again I
was never funnier off the shit than this
howard was talking I think it was
Roseanne Barr and Howard said hey you
look thin she was on the phone and I'm
nauseous listen to this timing I'm
nauseous when the left I feel like I'm
gonna throw up and I got a live mic you
know right and and she goes oh yeah
Howard I've been exercising and he goes
what he been doing she goes well I get I
get in a a two-piece bathing suit now as
soon as she said that you know as soon
as and Howard thought I was doing it to
be funny go shot what do you do when I
go yeah as soon as she said I get a
two-piece but my comedic timing was
better so so so now doing that for a
while and but at that point I know
legally what the fuck am I even trying
this for right you know and suboxone
look suboxone helped save me and helped
me get off it but eventually you got to
get off that too and you kick how hard
is that is it hard to get off it okay
there's something called fentanyl yeah
okay which is elephant tranquilizer it's
synthetic
it's like spice like what synthetic weed
okay all these kids in jail by the way
the junkies they smoke this k2 shit date
and they could they stop while they're
talking to you like a kid will be
talking to you in jail like that jail
jumpsuit and it'll just be like he stops
he looks like he got hit with volcanic
ash or something because they spray
these chemicals on the weed and it does
something to them they start dancing
like Julie Andrews all these Bloods and
Cripps are dancing to the sound of music
the hills are alive it's really it's
weird so federal is like the heroin
version that it's synthetic heroin yeah
much stronger people are dying from
touching it like they touch you to get
you cops are dying or cops getting
overdose these guys at the border that
are sweating right it comes from China
there's always conspiracy theories about
China trying to kill us and who knows
maybe it's weeding out a lot of junkies
I was in a rehab which I got to give a
shout out to this place turning point in
Patterson is where I really got clean I
was here for three months I did a month
in jail and then I did three months a
turning point a great place they really
helped me out a lot my counsellor Sarah
shout out there but she you know I got
clean there but it was in Patterson in
the hood and the gangs would fight each
other to get the corner right across
from the rehab because people would come
out yeah people come out and get high to
kids I was in there with you know went
and got I they died that day Jesus they
just leave and they died that day from
fentanyl these are junkies if you get a
certain amount of time clean your your
willpower you know your resistance
resistance goes down and so they would
take what they used to take and it no
one killed they were out that so to get
off the suboxone is is very difficult
because you got to kick it you got to
kick it you know we trolls take average
four to five days and I've done that in
jail twice so if you have fentanyl in
your system and you take us a boxing you
go into what they call precip
withdrawals which are like the regular
withdrawals times a million like you
feel you're gonna die you start to
loosen eight this happened to me twice I
went to I went to jail not knowing that
the coke they put it in everything they
put it in the cocaine they put it in the
marijuana because they want people to
catch a habit and if a couple people
died cuz if you got a habit I got to
keep going back so you're buying what
you think is blow it's not it's it's
blow with this fentanyl in it heroines
Brown when you get it it's brown when
you get it it fentanyl is white so if
it's really a lighter color it's it's
got fentanyl in it but people want to
get high so bad they take the risk if
you're a junkie I'll take that
so I did not know I had fentanyl in my
system it was in the cocaine I had so I
get that I get to jail and I see this
kid in the Bolton at the jail and he was
a dealer I knew from the street and he
owed me he owed me a favor and these
kids smuggle drugs and in there in the
band that I rub sweat pants they have it
right here if you see a kid going like
this all the time and kids walking over
to him you know he's got something so I
went over the kid and I said what do you
got and he goes I just got subs suboxone
I said give me one cuz I you know I
couldn't deal with the anxiety and he
gave it to me I didn't know I had Fenton
all in my system I took us a boxing with
it and in ten minutes I was writhing on
the floor Rock just just just so they
threw me in a Cell and I had a I had a
kick um I had a kick with those kind of
withdrawals in a jail cell
how long is it last five days
five days not a cos when I was kicked in
an Essex County Jail the co0 I love them
they're great guys are tough
motherfuckers they got a tough job and
they were very supportive of me and they
protected me in there they were there
were good guys but um so they were
giving me food they were trying to keep
me hydrated and shit there was a doctor
that it was really cool but I I was
naked because you're also on a suicide
watch if people kick from heroin again
all this emotional pain comes back on
you and a lot of people commit suicide
so they give you what they call this
turtle shell that you're naked and you
go in this turtle thing that's like a
Velcro thing so I kicked for five days
in that thing just just rolling around I
started to hallucinate my old man's been
dead for 30 years I could have swore he
was talking to me right in front of me
yeah it's just and then and then knowing
that then I get it out of my system I
get out of jail and I'm and I and I get
high an hour later you know so you know
if if you keep doing that there's
something wrong so what happened this
time to change I they kept me away for
longer than I ever was
III I was doing I was doing like
two-week bid a week bid in jail this
time I was in jail for almost two months
and I kicked then I went to a long term
rehab and I got locked away from it and
I started to think clearer and think
about the consequences and think about
my mom and the fact that my mother is
this great Italian woman who you know I
thought she just needed money from me
I took care my old man on his deathbed
said take care of your mother and as an
Italian guy from North Jersey you think
that means money doesn't mean anything
else so I kept giving her money not
knowing she was worried about me died
and you know all the time
so she's I thought about her pain and I
said I can't do this anymore so I just
started to think clearer and then a
one-day-at-a-time comes in so Wow that's
the difference the difference was I was
locked away from the dope longer than I
ever was so not only did the physical
withdrawals go away but the mental which
was Charlie Parker to great jazz
musician it was a heroin addict time he
was 35 he said they can get it out of
your body but they can never get it out
of your brain Charlie Parker done at 35
Charlie park was 35 Jesus correct the
coroner said he was 66 yeah but but he
adds the most profound thing I have
heard someone say about heroin he said
they can get it out of your brain but
they can get it out of your body but
they can't get it out of your brain
because you remember yeah I remember
there it's a way to deal with shit and
it's a maternal thing right it's like
almost like being in the womb didn't
I've never done it but why a knee
surgery they gave me a morphine drip off
yeah give me a button yeah I was in the
hospital I could hit it any time I want
I just hammered that thing yeah of
course you just go just glide off to the
most beautiful wonderful feeling well
that's the thing about drugs they work
[Laughter]
yeah you know you don't want and again
that's something else in our business
like uh you know I don't want to wait
for anything you want the money now
right I want to come now get high now I
want to gamble that that's the part of
what makes you a great comic though that
impulsive wildness is what people enjoy
in romics yeah all my favorite comics
Kennison Joey Diaz yeah all of them
struggled yeah it's it's a drier look of
Richard Pryor yeah Lenny Bruce Lenny
Bruce Hicks all of them Mitch
sure Robin Williams everybody everybody
had drug problems yeah um I get your
greg Giraldo I'll give you a great Greg
Drago story all right okay so this to me
sums up a comedian who's also a drug
addict 2006 William Shatner roast Comedy
Central I'm Geraldo was just hitting
with the roast she was going to be a big
deal but I had party with him a couple
of times and you know we both had the
same problem so so we were the only two
guys coming from New York City to do the
Shatner roast this was o-64 Comedy
Central so I'm at the JFK first lounge
first first-class lounge waiting for my
plane and I know Greg is supposed to be
on a plane he shows up five minutes
before the plane takes off and he goes
already man he like hugs me sweating he
goes I'm tweaking like he was on taking
amphetamines so I go he goes I'm not
getting on a plane I go dude you're hot
you're like the best guy at these roasts
now you have to get on a plane does your
career and he goes I can't get on a
plane I go you have to get on a fucking
plane so I had all this vicodin I
smuggled under my under my sock I said
take a couple of vicodin and have a beer
so I got him a beer and he started to
calm down a little bit I literally held
his hand okay I held his hand got him on
a plane I changed my seat to sit next to
him he was too paranoid to go to the
fucking bathroom so I regard the
bathroom so no one could come in and I I
we get to LA now we got to go to a dress
rehearsal at CBS Radford Farrah Fawcett
was on that roast so now he's still
freaking out paranoid and he he want he
goes I'm gonna hug Farrah Fawcett I go
you can't go near Farrah Fawcett he goes
how about a hug fire I have to kiss her
I got arrested your career is gonna be
over you're gonna be arrested for
sexually assaulting Farrah Fawcett on M
feta means so I go you just gotta calm
the fuck down we get through the dress
rehearsal and he goes please don't tell
anybody and now I've been there so I
know what he says so I go I want so we
go back to the hotel I leave my room I
sit by him like Florence fucking
Nightingale I've given them like hot
compresses and shit the morning the next
morning the cars coming to get us to
take us to the show at noon
and he comes out of it he comes down the
breath to me goes I I think I'm I came
down he hugs me he's crying he goes
thank you so much ago dude you would
have done the same thing for me okay so
now we go to the roast he's the first
roaster up first thing he says he goes
Artie Lange's here how about a hand for
Artie line and everybody plus he looks
at me goes look at you already you fat
fucking drug addict I just I practically
made out with him I stopped him from
sexually assaulting one of the Charlie's
Angels he won yeah he won
powerful I've never said that very few
people hardly ever have oh my god oh my
god again this is something he is things
you wish you had on tape about 1998 ish
me Mitch Hedberg and greg Giraldo both
did sets we all three of us did sets at
the Comedy Cellar
and there was an old diner on 9th and
23rd called Chelsea Square diner I don't
know vasila anymore the three of us was
me Greg and Mitch and if you if you ask
why God spared me out of that three I
have no idea it's just sheer luck
but God spared me for some reason I
don't know why and I remember talking
the three of us were talking about about
drugs and Hedberg he told this to a
couple people and I didn't know Mitch's
well I did a couple of gigs with him but
you know he said you know a lot of
people are trying to get me to stop I'm
never gonna stop he said I'm just just
don't waste your time I'm never gonna
stop doing it I love it that much
and you know at the time I didn't
realize how dark that was and he died
you know he's been dead almost 15 years
now you talk about a real genius you
know and like he just was like I I just
I know I can never stop like that's how
much it takes it takes over to the point
where you know you know you might die
because I don't care I want to do it
this way you know so again probably
remember when he almost died from
gangrene yes he was shooting it's the
same hole he was going through he might
have been with a towel I don't know
and Louis black they did a tour together
and again that's one of the saddest
stories yet the security at the airport
smelled the gangrene oh that's how they
found out yeah and they found shit I
think he beat the case I think they
found like powerful nail your stuff but
you're talking about
you know one of the best maybe the best
joke writer ever and he just doesn't he
just like I just why again when you live
in this life like stand-ups most of us
dreamed of doing this our whole lives
and now you're doing it who's gonna tell
you to stop anything I think with him to
they were inseparable they'll stand up
in the heroine together yeah like Miles
Davis said they get with playing the
trumpet you knows no meaning again
you're talking about extreme
personalities yeah John Belushi yeah and
again like you say you have the same
personality but it just manifested
itself in different ways I was lucky
when I was a kid I knew junkies my
friend Jimmy's cousin was selling coke
when I was in high school I watched him
brought away I watched him shrivel up
and and I remembered I I was also I was
very paranoid right and I didn't I
didn't want to ruin my life I was always
worried about ruining my life
yeah so I'd see things like that like
all right stay the fuck away from drugs
that's amazing amazingly mature attitude
at that point because I was a direct
option I said that's gonna be part of
the success yeah for me harder so that
reservation yeah yeah and look that's a
smart way to think but I I tell I tell
when I speak I tell these kids because
they're like how did you make it man
like how did you make it in show biz
like they Google me and they see me you
know on The Tonight Show yeah how did
you do that like
rehab they would like you know they're
watching my movies on YouTube these kids
are magicians with the fucking thing and
I stand up and they go how did you do
this like being a junkie and I'm like I
don't know I can't even remember but
that's part of the problem is that
you're kind of rewarded for being so
wild and yeah being wild you're it's an
accentuated yes are the drugs yes and by
the craziness I'm gambling and all of it
well the way I say the way Ray Romano
wrote new jokes about having kids and a
family yeah you know a lot of comics you
you comment on your life yes that's how
you get new material so my life was not
a wife and kids my life was just
craziness with drugs and gambling and
that's that's where I sort of I mind
that for material and it's also the
audience loved it they loved the fact
that you're out there living that life
like right Kowski or Hunter Thompson
yeah anyone who's out there living that
life there's like it's romantic
yes yeah you you're not living like the
average slub no like Ray Liotta says it
in Goodfellas like you know we we were
rock stars yeah you know all these guys
want to wake up and go to a nine-to-five
job we don't know that life you know and
and I said dude I saw the other side
when I was at this halfway house with
all these crazy motherfuckers I had to
get a job as part of the program so I
pumped gas and I worked on the back of a
garbage truck for a while throwing
garbage and I pumped gas as a kid and
you know you know the money we make for
being onstage I've gone from that money
I'm a I pump gas 40 hours one week I got
a check for $280 you know so that's what
that's life yeah that's real life that's
real life yeah okay start with this kid
in the halfway house I had five three
roommates one was a carjacker the other
one was an arsonist okay
this other kid was it was a jerk this
kid was my bunkmate he lived on the top
bunk I was on the bottom he's like 22
year old he had some 40 had a form of
Tourette's every 11 seconds
my hand to God he made this sound hi hey
all night let you sleep he watched porn
on his on his phone so he loved a
specific kind of porn
we keep showing it to me's jerking off
on the top bunk and I gotta go pump gas
the next day I'm like my life is fucking
over and he loved watching these really
fat black jinx get fucked by small white
guys so this is what you hear you hear
this fuck me with that honky dick hi
little white pussy hey is even in like
he jails like Hills he's in the old days
people just lit him on fire right and
thrown him in a dumpster right but now
it's a disease right so he's got a
disease so but he the kid I go your
honor for the fucking internet you can
watch the hottest chicks on the planet
he with jerk-off these days I go those
chicks look like the 86 Celtics that
looks like Bill Walton but Dennison this
enormous like Oprah looking shake with a
little like Richard Simmons looking guy
and he goes hey did you ever ask him why
he's into that sort of but no
explanation made any sense I was in jail
with I was in protective custody so if
you're a protective custody I tell you
you it means you're a murderer a snitch
or some sort of celebrity so you're up
there with hardcore motherfuckers so
this this black kid it was next to me in
the cell great kid I love them I love
them but when me and him were both
adding cell together for rec time I
noticed the guards were real protective
of me like now they would make him go in
the shower and lock the shower while I
walk past them he had some sort of
ghetto Tourette's or something like
because every okay he'd ask you a
question about your life and then he
would interrupt you by going word up
like everything so I'm gonna ask you a
question just start to answer okay okay
what's your name Joe burn up are you
from
word up born in Jersey word up he'd get
every 11 seconds he went word up were up
I love the guy why was that okay because
I'm locked in my cell 23 hours a day one
of the guards told me he'd the guy
chopped up three women ooh
pull it up cut it up
yeah whoo so that's the you're rubbing
elbows with these guys Jesus III think
it she chopped up three girls the most
affable I like the kid
I still basketball what I'm like the
pace day was playing and yeah cuz you're
in solitary confinement was he able to
have conversation he was mentally ill
obviously but but he kept he kept like I
heard him on a phone the other thing
about jail man
they have tablets now to have the
technology so I for one hour a day I was
out of my cell and they you you could
play basketball or whatever but you're
in these cages so they give these young
kids who are in jail for a long time
tablets they could call anybody on the
outside so they call their girlfriends
which is always a bad thing like it
starts out nice but you hear the bill
like how you do a baby but who's that
who's that in the background who the
fuck is that and they start screaming at
him and they get violent and I go don't
call your girlfriend mm-hmm and when
this kid would talk to anybody's life he
kept saying wear it up every five
seconds so when you're you're trapped
with these guys and yourself for 23
hours my own solo protective custody job
yawns so and what are you doing when
you're in that cell well I won three I
wrote again that helps being creative
too I wrote you know and I I read a lot
I had a great lawyer my lawyer at the
end sent me a lot of reading material
again this is where starring fans oh you
talk about a crazy are there also the
sweetest people on the planet they were
starting fans all wrote me letters we're
rooting for you I hope you get better
they sent me books that they knew I
liked and I you know you killed time 23
hours a day so yeah a pad and pen yeah
see writing things out yeah you do right
stand up did you write a lot of stand-up
and I wrote I wrote this book I have a
rough draft for a book which is all
stories like I was just telling you you
know I mean this book I've written three
books and there are all crazy stories
but this one if I do it the right way
which it's hard to fuck off because it's
just repeating these stories it's gonna
be insane I'm sure but I want you
you got to release an audio version of
it like there's no way yeah it's gonna
do you justice yeah printed form well I
have to interpret how you're saying
these things the first book I had out to
fat to fish which debuted number one of
the New York Times bestsellers that's
another thing with drugs
I was I read halfway through the
audiobook and I couldn't do it anymore
I was always in withdrawals in the booth
so I quit I just quit in the middle of
it so who read it I hired two guys with
speech impediments oh Jesus on purpose
[Laughter]
one of the guys had trouble reading oh
you gotta read a book oh my god is that
available right now oh I just stopped
here for three I get to chapter six and
then I just do a thing I go guys
I quit I put that in the audiobook Louis
anymore oh my god I'm sweating I'm
leaving you here like leave the booth
next thing here is that I had a thing
kind of happened with studio time took
like four four extra months oh my god
the publisher Random House brothers were
going over to we if someone's gonna read
the book they have to not a read
you know David Goggin says the Navy
SEALs yeah I've heard that he did a
great thing with his book where he wrote
a book but in the audiobook he had his
business partner read it and then he
would talk about it after Wow
okay like almost like a podcast full
right right that's interesting yeah
because the thing about these stories
like the way I'm hearing you say him
this is how I want to hear it in the
book yeah I don't want to hear you read
your book right right I'm saying like
absolutely like it's almost like you'd
be better off instead of writing a book
if someone just transcribed what you're
saying yeah yeah well I don't allow
these a lot of these stories I tell them
stand-up - yeah but if somebody could
just get out of the way yeah if you can
get someone who can interview you who's
not gonna get in the way yeah yes yeah
like these conversations like just talk
you just go with it and that's a good
point well technology is changing that
game here that's a putting out the idea
of like a multimedia book yes you know
yes well this is Magog instead he put
his book out you could read the book
right then the the audio version is the
book plus so it's the book plus him
explaining like these stories are
actually fucking crazier than I'm even
writing in the book there's more to each
one of them well I know what's
interesting about that the way I've
written all three of my books with my
buddy might the co-author anthony bozo
who wrote is writing for M&A he's right
now man Emma's book right now
and he wrote slash his book right before
me Tommy Lee and he was writing a book
with me and Courtney Love at the same
time the kid almost jumped off a
building the kid to know is covered in
rice so it's gonna require the to you to
make a living oh my god he needs both of
you oh my god me and Nick DiPaolo had
our own radio show for a little I
remember and we got this big contract
and the first time we did stand-up at
the Tower Theater of Philly Nick goes
yeah my life scraped my entire future
depends on Artie Lange well that was the
attitude that he had on the show to
watch the show because he used to be on
television right right was the net was
one of the networks that was on DirecTV
those watched I was like these two are
not getting along ha ha but I know both
people and I could send Nick is such a
grumpy old Italian now it's so funny but
yeah very funny Greg joke writer
absolutely yeah
but tell you guys though yeah weird mix
like that one guy is like this sort of
grumpy guy likes to complain about
things the other guys getting high all
the time great sounds great well maybe
need a third person to like fucking
mediate yeah like a law enforcement
somebody both respect yeah
but yes so so the way we wrote the books
was he I would record I would tell the
stories like I'm telling him to you into
a recorder right and then we transcribe
them yeah and so it's almost like you
the premise was the way Mark Twain wrote
like like you write like people talk
that's great but the original recordings
need to be preserved that's to say it
again and again yeah those things exist
oh that's telling the story that's what
you need to release that that's what
everybody wants right I'll did see the
the polished producted produced version
of these things is never as good when I
try to polish myself that never works it
doesn't work with anybody yeah that's
what people people love is like this
this conversation we're having right now
is just you talking right this is what
people love I think no you have the
story you can't wait to tell it Oh way
don't let me tell you this then boom it
comes out and it's live it's like hangin
out shootin bulldog it's alive alive and
when it hits their ears it's alive yeah
if there's something missing when people
are trying to over produce things it's
say that again already but this time
yeah that's why the HBO show I did I did
for a few years crashing Apatow was
really smart with that he just sort of
let me tell talk yeah you know and it
worked that's a good point the stories
are the stories are like it's that this
stuff's not even the tip of the iceberg
it's just like um it's it's chaos that I
can't believe I put myself through
I mean God God did spare me I should be
dead a million times overdue in a lot of
different ways you know a lot of
different ways just that was well you're
in a very unique position now because
you did get through all that because you
did get through all that and now you're
a nine month sobriety and you've got
these great stories you're funnier than
ever it's a it's a very weird position
for you to be in because you can help a
lot of people with the story I'd love to
well again you know when you talk about
the method thing with getting clean the
12-step program which a lot of people
obviously if you're not in it you know
it's a legendary iconic program aana
mm-hmm but you don't really know what
the 12-step is the premise is once you
get to the 12-step you by you helping
other people it helps you mmm in other
words because that's what you're talking
about that is a productive way to use
your time yeah I'm gonna go help this
guy like someone in nal say there's a
guy died and his family needs us and you
don't even know the guy you go and you
try to help them so by the end of
helping him for five hours you
maybe save him but you're also saving
you because you do so the premises I'll
give you this was very poignant one of
the speakers and a turning point this
guy in rehab really explained it
perfectly at the beginning Alcoholics
Anonymous it's also a great story a
great American story these two a
stockbroker and as a doctor couldn't
stop drinking and they realized just by
talking to each other they could stop
they helped each other so they devised
these 12 steps so they will go around
the hospitals this is in the mid 30s and
they would say to the people the
hospital is there anybody in the drunk
ward like a hopeless alcoholic and they
go yet and it goes to have any family
here and they say like his wife is here
she's you know desperate can we talk to
her so they would go to the wife the
guy's in a hospital bed in an alcoholic
withdrawals just a delirium and they
would say to her listen we found the
cure for alcoholism we think we found a
cure for alcoholism can we talk to your
husband and she goes you know what I
that sounds like total fantasy to me
you could try we've tried everything I
don't know how you're gonna cure him and
they said no no you understand he's
gonna cure us like by talking to him
we're gonna get better
like he's gonna cure us and hopefully
along the way he gets it Wow
you know so so that's that's like a
simple premise but that's a stroke of
genius in a way it's like you're using
your time for something insanely
productive and you know like you're a
generous guy you like helping people
you're a good friend you know it's you
gotta you get a little bit of a rush you
get a lot of out of help get a lot of I
tell people I'm good selfish generous
person well they think like the 12-step
they say it's true altruism where you
know true altruism is you know not the
way these big corporations give back but
you get nothing in return right but in a
way that's bullshit because it helps you
you get something back I just wanna help
people I get a rush right helps me if
you that that feeling you get if you
give somebody you love a get us the gift
you're trying to give them is look we're
trying to get you better and by the time
you you spend all this time working on
them you've stayed clean you know it
also does it radiates they'll do the
same thing yeah they realize that
somebody helped them
that it helped you to help them yeah and
they'll do it to someone else and
they'll feel it as well and it also
spreads the culture of being generous
again you're right on the money that's
very insightful because that's what a is
it's a domino of the culture of being
generous is very important culture being
friendly
you got a culture being supportive yeah
the selfish people they die alone it's a
fucking horrible to lose absolutely
there's a lot of wealthy people I've met
through this business who were just
angry motherfuckers they're broken and
and they don't have anyone to call and
there's no one no one loves them knowing
hugs and when they cease absolutely
excited
you need that well this business is a
particular thing during the the TV era
which i think is kind of gone I think
now we're in the absolutely Internet era
but the Internet era is a much more
generous era because it actually helps
everybody to have all these shows and no
one's competing against each other in a
sense because you know he wants to be
like there was one hosts the Tonight
Show everybody stabbed everybody to get
that fucking job yeah and that was those
late-night war the movie with stories
about cars now with Lucy Oz with Joan
Rivers a few times yes I mean that's how
everybody works that way like I think
back then it was a famine mentality
because it was such a there's a few
slots and there was hundreds of comics
and everybody was just fuckin fighting
in the trenches with not that was no
look again see you though as a good
person with character that's your
attitude which is great you live that
lifestyle like you knows what were you
saying is important like this is the
biggest podcast going if you were
hosting the Tonight Show and look I've
been on The Tonight Show with Jimmy
Fallon a million times I kill every time
but to have me on the mainstream and I
love Jimmy but to have me on a
mainstream show talking like this
there's consequences to that corporate
wise yes they can't do it they would
fight you to have me on yes so you're
gonna you're in a situation where me and
you were two guys who've known each
other a long time
who respect each other's work and his
people and I'm a guy I mean let's face
it I'm trying to get back on my feet and
you you come to New York and you let me
do this that's huge
that's something I can do in America day
early that's why I'm here I was supposed
to I was supposed to land today at 4:00
in the afternoon is Val right touching
blessed by golly man I'm happy you're
doing great right now and if I can help
put some wind in your sails and keep you
move
great direction I'm doing a lot a lot of
people tell me like you got a lot it you
got a lot of fans areia everybody I
heard John Rogan I heard John Rogan
Rogan was talking about you and it's
always positive and that dude that that
that helps me get out of bed some days
it does and I'm saying your point is
well-taken if you were hosting the
Tonight Show you have all these people
badly you can't have already on right
now it's crazy man even though I need to
but you were this position you can you
could do whatever you want you do
whatever you want and well we're here
right now in Louis's studio right
because I mean I guess in some way we're
supposed to be competitors isn't like
we're not know they would miss my urn
that we're all friends the podcast
community is one of the most open
supportive communities and write comics
now every comic is a fucking podcast and
because of that it's like everybody's
supporting everybody everybody's helping
everybody a dance so does got a new HBO
and everybody go watch it hey you know
Ari Shaffir has got this thing coming
out everybody go check it out
everybody's helpful and everybody
support so it also helps that
everybody's a good guy yeah but it's
this community it's a different feeling
that ever existed during those Tonight
Show Wars oh not even close not even
close
those guys hated each other they even
Stern when Stern with anybody in any
other mark I saw the Howard situation
for for eight years that world and how
it even says like you know Howard was
this insane ball of talent and ambition
and if you got in the way of that train
man you were his competitor really go
after you your family everything
everything it's it's it's you know I saw
that firsthand and you're talking about
it's it's it's it's scary but you're
right this is a different world you're
positive about this situation but I
think even the way Howard did it it's
like I don't think you could do it that
way time no way nobody would accept it
no way no way it's a world it's there's
a lot there's a lot of people who would
check them on it yeah you know before it
got crazy but you know you talk about
every comic everyone has a podcast I
used to go to it when I went to jail a
couple of times I get my own cell I
think oh why does he have his own cell
well cuz you know he's not a big radio
show and then why do you want your own
cell now because I have a podcast the
guard says well so do I have a podcast
[Laughter]
to everyone else you know I mean again
everybody shoots video it is it's a very
I mean look it also inspires a lot of
talent was bores to do this yes you
gotta have something you gotta you know
but but it's open-ended if you have
something to offer and and and someone
is a good person and you want to help
them you can do it with this platform
yeah and the the entry it's not
expensive
like you could evening the iPhone and
just some sort of a lipstick counter I'm
starting another one yeah I know so
beautiful it's called the hardy Lang's
halfway house I love it it's great and
the premises these stories with Mike
Bocchetti and and and and a lot of the
guys I met in these crazy times with
these crazy stories they're the most
unique stories on the planet well you
were doing a podcast from your apartment
for a while right for two years but I
was you know I was running I was on
drugs yeah okay I did a I did a podcast
in my living room I was late eighteen
times what are weakened comedians were
beating me in my kitchen yeah IIIi was
late eighteen times
that's hilarious I wouldn't have you
know people are waiting outside and I
caught traffic by the bathroom I would
say rats how out of control it was my
friend Jay is one of the producers of
the doctors and they were gonna fix your
nose yeah but they're worried that if
they did it they'd have to give you
painkillers right well that's that's a
big thing to like with the drug court
thing if you get any type of surgery
they gotta do paperwork also the guy
from botched it wants to do it too I'm
actually in a bidding war to fix my nose
what happened to it um a bunch of things
30 years of drugs right okay you want to
hear stories first of all a bookie I was
dealing with a few years ago had a guy
who used to work for him who got this
idea to try to get money out of me and
he he sucker punch me at my this kid was
a 19 year old boxer and he can't I was
going to my car one day and he thought I
was like you saw me on TV
he thought I was like a billionaire and
I'm going to my car and I hear arty and
the kid
it's me with a right hand right actually
I mean like you could never get off on a
regular fight you know like like the way
close and hit Trevor Berbick right here
right here
right um on and collapse and collapse
the bone right here knock me out for 10
minutes at least 10 minutes and and and
you know that situation got solved the
way cuts off but you know I was I mean
well I just had to deal with it in my
own way I did I made up with the guy
through you know intermediaries tree and
everybody's fine and we moved on but the
kid laid me out a kid I mean it's a 90
you know I just boom and so that's one
thing 30 years of drug use but this is
one of the crazier story so there was
this stripper I used to go on the road
with and she would meet me in City she's
actually from Boston
she was from she's from Southie and she
was hopping it but when she's like talk
to her sexy sound like Mark Wahlberg
that accent so gross you're wicked hot
fuck you know but she was beautiful and
over the years like I would meet her at
hotel she would call me on the road and
she was a drug addict
mr. snort drugs together so we're at a
hotel in st. Louis is about he's got
about five years ago now not less three
four years ago and um we're snorting oxy
coat so to snort the pills you got to
crush him up so we're in this hotel room
this nice hotel room I got a show that
night at a big theater and I go I take a
shower
she takes out like like about about five
pills and starts crushing them now was a
nice hotel so we had room service the
room service had a salt shaker that was
glass so she couldn't crush one of the
pills she takes she takes the salt
shaker and starts hitting the pill with
it and the salt shaker breaks glass
breaks okay so then she takes a credit
card and and you know makes it into a
fine powder a fine dust not knowing
there's all glass in in the powder she
cuts out like four lines she gets called
down to the desk to go to I bought her a
gift so she goes down to get the gift I
come
out of the out of the bathroom I see the
lines and I take a I take a pen that I
cut down and I snort one of the lines
and there's glass of it I snorted glass
and actually coat holy shit so it
sounded like a zipper I just I saw one
picture of your nose where was enormous
ly swollen that's after the kid punch me
that was actually put that was after to
get by Japan no he he tweeted it out he
was trying to be a jerk-off he put he
took a picture of me with my phone and
tweeted it he was he had a bad plan but
it that way to try to get money out of
me and the bookie who yeah that that was
after I got punched yeah so that got out
all over the place yeah and again that's
my life that's the chaos that was my
life but I snorted a line on oxy coating
that all glass fine cut up glass it
sounded like a separate switch and then
my nose just started to it just it just
went nuts just bleeding and I went to
the hospital I had to cancel the show
and I wanted to strangle a girl and
that's what he caved in that started the
process if you watch the show crashing
you I'm on that three seasons you could
see my nose morphing into what it is now
like from a regular nose to like what it
is now and again part of me I I tell
young kids apartment want to get a fix
because every time I look in the mirror
I go this is a life this is this is what
happened to me yeah it's a reminder
maybe to not fuck up again yeah and
maybe it tells kids that though it's
just such a dangerous thing to get it
fixed and then to be in that kind of
intense pain and then have the
temptation to take a pill the premise is
while you're in the hospital you get
what you need because you can't get it's
an operation so I think I put you out
they put you out yeah but then
afterwards look I had my deviated septum
fixed right and they gave me a couple
different painkillers that I didn't use
I got out and I was I I didn't use them
when I had knee surgery either let me
ask you something see this fascinates me
so as a guy who gets obsessed with stuff
right yeah and you feel that euphoria
fiend rip yeah the the obsession over
that feeling is not as strong as you not
wanting to fuck your life up not even
close
yeah I know I know it feels great but my
brain is I uh okay out of here
cover your cover your hand tuck your
chin bob and weave get the fuck out of
the corner right get out of there okay
here's what here's what a drug addict is
this way this is where they claim it's a
disease I'm smart enough to realize that
too but I'd do it anyway yeah I'm the
direct opposite I never I never got into
the drugs at a young age but still you
feel that feeling yeah you know what I
mean like like like you know if that
that's something like like you know to
me the sick person is why don't you want
to feel like that'll you know yeah it's
crazy
like some people have a painkiller
prescription all these pills in a bottle
they don't finish it other than that
premise - yeah I sold mine I took
percocet so I think it was percocets
when I had my first knee operation after
the morphine drip I got out they gave me
percocets I took it one day and it was
it made me so stupid okay I've never sit
on my couch my god I'm so dumb right now
I can't think okay I got that I I the MA
I took in one day I counted cuz I was
obsessed when I took a hundred and
twenty three percocet in one day twenty
feet hard so I got pancreatitis Jesus
Christ I was on the liver list and then
my liver came back oh I guess she talked
about around the transplant list and
they they were about to put me on the
list the doctor said to my family said
to my mother's sister he's gonna need a
liver this is life this is five years
ago because I got out of control with
the percocets which is why I went back
to snorting I was try not to snore I was
taking oral for your health
yeah so once that once you snort the
glass how do they get it out of your
nose well I had to go to the emergency
room what those do for like four days
what do they do they cut it out they
yeah they had it they had to go in they
do a surgery they knock you out they
gotta go up and they clean a lot and
then I had surgery again a couple of
years ago to do it so there's no like I
should breathe good and everything now I
don't know you know but again they would
take a piece of rib right do they take
your cartilage from in between your rib
which will eventually grow back and
right here with prop it up they do it
the fighters yeah yes man
and the guy at the doctor's I want to
see him the guy yeah and he was like I
don't know because he never saw he goes
he never saw a worse nose Wow he looked
in the nose because I never saw wears no
that's incredible and graduations yeah
I'm very goal-oriented but if they did
fix it you know did the real issue would
be what it feels like when you get out
of the hospital right and you know how
whether or not that would disrupt your
progress enough the point we were
absolutely back
well again I'm making more more mature
decisions now because I could have went
right into this mm-hmm but and again the
doctor had botched was was cool about it
so he said you need more clean time at
least a year yeah for you even try yeah
well good for him for thinking that way
sort of just I mean like a big episode
for them and again if I can if I
couldn't breathe it'd be one thing but I
can breathe all right and like what you
know I never looked like David Beckham
anyway what do I care
yeah that's gotta give you some material
on stage as well I say stop to smell the
roses in life and they had cocaine album
it it's it's it's it's been an odyssey
of craziness my life has just been an
odyssey of craziness no we tried to do
this in LA one of the reasons why I had
to come to New York as they wouldn't
your parole officer would not let you
right now probe the probation Armond
doesn't let you travel border you can't
leave the state more than 24 hours so
when you go to do a gig look you can
come back that night I should do that
anyway right I just I I don't love stay
like the Kip see I'm in Poughkeepsie
tonight and it's a two-hour you know and
I'm coming right back yeah I like that
want to show the other thing I used to
get you know when I ever I tried to come
back I get greedy and I would start the
with two three shows a night for the
money I'm doing I do one show mostly
tonight so you don't get burnt out I do
you know you drive it out you pace out
your energy yeah this is the one show
and I come back I think that I mean cuz
the money is good enough what do I mean
I mean that's they don't get crazy yeah
yeah don't get crazy don't put your
health at risk don't don't stress
yourself out the good thing is is that
you know that's sort of mature thinking
you have about not one to fuck up your
life I'm starting every day I get more
and more to thinking that way
mmm so it's improving still yeah even
though you're nine months in it's a
constant it's so that's like - like
endurance like
strengthening your endurance your
resolve mentally more than anything
yeah well that's it's almost all mental
at this point it is yeah at this point
it is you know you just gotta I mean
something spared me and I'm 52 I I would
love my legacy to be someone that help
people but you know even though you
already have whether you realize it or
not and I guarantee you if you keep
going you will I hope so
you know no it's a hundred percent if
you keep going with these stories with
your your personality and your sense of
humor this is a hundred percent gonna
help people and not just a few and
fucking millions of people you know
Robert Downey jr. III when the paperback
version my first book came out I wrote a
paragraph about him to where you know
again about the the ruthlessness of show
business people say show business is
very forgiving well if you're that
talented of an actor like Robert Downey
jr. they let you come back and through
his assistant he contacted me and um was
so was so nice like you know and I got
at this point he was Iron Man you know
and um he you know and I'm this comedian
he's a big stern fan he had read the
book and he appreciated that I thought I
was complimenting to him in the book and
again there's an example to 12-step
stuff he really was like he goes I'm
through he said basically to me I'm here
for you
if you need me I'm here for you Joe
Walsh me Eagles who I met through the
star know same thing hmm that's amazing
you know it look like like these guys
are like because it it helps them it
helps everybody so so Robert Downey
helped me in a way just by knowing that
he got better could you talk about chaos
his life was I remember talking about
him honest aren't sure when he got
sounds you know the stripper with the
Wonder Woman outfit and Chris trooper
dressed like Wonder Woman and Crystal
Method of somebody else's house you know
but I've always wondered like a guy like
that that's so fucking talented he's
talented in this weird explosive sort of
creepy he's unique easy unique guy if
you watch his movies even though he's in
a shit movie he's great yeah like he
always look at what he's doing he makes
unique choices as an actor but I've
always wondered if like the engine
behind that is the same engine of
addiction absolutely whole civ wild
reckless sort of energy and now
he just contains it in progress and
success like his cousin working I mean I
don't know him personally just just
through that contact I just told you
about but it seems like he's like way
into the program of AAA right I know
yeah I mean again it's also like the
premise are going through a meeting an
na meeting I try to go to five or six a
week now and that's that even you know
they want you to go to 1990 there's a
lot of comedians in recovery
you know I won't mention who they are
but you know it's an anonymous thing but
there's so many guys where 20 years ago
there was a stigma attached to and
there's not anymore
I think people understand now it's not
being weak people used to think it's
weak it's like it's these are behavior
patterns their thought patterns and you
get stuck in a rut of them and you get
there's a smooth carved path that your
behavior just slides or it in and goes
and it's hard to hit those fucking
breaks and stop that path yeah and you
use the behaviors to manipulate like if
you have a talent like a sense of humor
you know it's funny I one of my POS said
to me you're gonna tell me you never use
your sense of humor to obtain drugs I go
I don't know a drug deal as you know but
as payment like listen noodles I want
that ounce of cocaine I have no cash but
knock-knock it's not gonna work you use
your sense of humor to get the money to
buy what what the people at the task
evaluators a drug court a lot of these
rehabs do is they link exactly what you
just said they link every behavior back
to yeah the drug use yeah like what why
why acting this way why being charming
if you can charming can't be charming
something just Rabia yeah you know well
I was talking with this about this with
a friend of mine recently about girls
about like basically every comic really
became funny because they were trying to
figure out a way to get girls absolutely
that's the first pussy a hundred percent
I mean with men you try to explain it to
women like like for me like like you're
up to about 11 or 12 all you want to do
is hit a home run a Little League and
then one summer you see a set of tits or
something and then it's all about pussy
that's it you just want to try to get
pussy
yeah and and then that is talked about
an addiction yeah
and if you get involved like the girl I
was telling you about if you get
involved with a chick who's got a drug
problem
with opioids and this good-looking - you
want to fuck you're talking about Adolf
Hitler you tell you chicks are
manipulative already but if you have a
pussy at a drug problem
mmm whatever it's your prize a because I
don't know why bitch is always
complaining I got half the money and all
the pussy that Richard Pryor that's
Socrates does it is that something like
that that the litter should be on his
fucking grave they got half the money
and all the puss oh I'll give you
another story okay you ready this is
being a drug addict I was with this
other girl at Martha's Vineyard this is
like 20 years ago and I went to visit
John Belushi's grave on a big Belushi
family I had an eight ball of coke on me
and everybody at Belushi's grave I was
in Paris once where I got arrested for
drunkenness but anyway I said they do
this at Jim Morrison's grave people
leave bottles of booze like heroin
needles sometimes loaded on Jim
Morrison's grave
so people have beers and everything I'm
Belushi's grave so I took the eight ball
of coke out and I took half of it and I
left a couple of rocks on top of
Belushi's headstone at like 3:00 in the
afternoon and I said that's on me John
four o'clock in the morning I went back
and got it it was still there at four
o'clock in the morning meeting the girl
ran out of coke and I said is it raining
she goes why I go come on I went back
and got the cocaine Oh jester was
already in place you imagine though that
the retarded there were the level of
retardedness that is your life at that
point I'm with a girl at for the more
than I know is it raining because I left
the coke I was then and we're hoping he
can get you oh my god another another
guy a young kid the other great thing
about a a meetings is you will someone
could say the most profound thing from
any walk of life like some some
professor was a genius and MIT could be
in a meeting with a cook at a at a diner
and the cook says something because he's
got a different perspective on it this
kid said once who's a janitor the best
part about cocaine is going to get it
and that is told
that's the smartest fucking thing I it
sounds so simple but when you hear
someone has it you go the I always said
I'm surprised a lawyer a prosecutor
hasn't tried to convict somebody on this
yet they cause DUI driving under the
influence
you're totally under the influence of
drugs driving to get them I don't care
if they're in your body yet you're under
the influence of drugs you want to get
high you're speeding you get to the
dealer so if you kill a kid on the way
to get coke they're gonna test you it's
not in your body but you were totally on
the influence of cocaine you know I mean
I mean that's like I'm righteous I've
opened up a whole new can of worms I
don't want I don't want my brothers
together but I'm saying like am i under
there it's not in me but it's not
influenced by completely yeah and it is
it's like it's like a kid on Christmas
morning if you're a drug addict you
anticipate that see I equated it with
fun the gambling you know yeah cuz
what's gambling it's just instant fun
you're bored to death no you're still
watching sports yeah I don't like it as
much of course not I used to bet again I
like pure gambling people who people who
bet on stuff and handicap it that's like
a job who wants a job I don't want a job
I don't do research fucking game I just
wanna yeah yeah that's not action cuz it
you kind of know what might happen right
I used to I used to go to the Mirage
sportsbook in Vegas they have a line on
everything you could bet on two kids
playing wiffle ball in Minnesota at the
Mirage they have a line on everything
it's just it's just it's heaven for
gamblers so I would bet on sports I knew
nothing about and then do cocaine and
like 4 o'clock in the morning I'm going
around people at the bar going hey did
you see the high school lacrosse scores
I got rabbit poo versus Dom Bosco Prep I
would bet on the cross look cuz I knew
nothing about it
Wow I would put each Super Bowl from
2004 to 11 I had 10 grand on the coin to
us mmm 10 grand that occurred to us and
seven at a times I probably I five times
I probably lost so before to kick-off I
was down ten grand
now how far behind are you if you all
lifetime if you want to look at lifetime
gambling how far just gambling yeah yeah
because everybody's behind like I don't
know anyway two million why probably
three point to play though is what I've
lost gambling holy shit
if I had to be I do that math in my head
a couple of you know ya die I'd say I'm
not about oversee my cific 3.2 is very
specific yeah cuz I know I updated in my
hands
cuz I'm obsessed about that don't you
talk about you know to lose that much
money got a bit of a jets a lot I had an
uncle I had an uncle ice to do this joke
oh man my uncle was a degenerate gambler
and he said you know art when I was a
kid I was in other jets and then I got
into girls and then I got back into the
Jets cuz I realized there's times when a
girl won't fuck you but the Jets will
always fuck you can't figure it out I
don't want out like the coin toss is
pure gambling right heads are fucking
pay yeah ten thousand the one that's
about to happen I can't describe it
what's the rush when it gets heads and
it's like pussy it's almost like
something it's it's close to it yeah and
then so now how do I keep that fucking
going and when you were on Stern to it
came up so it was almost kind of
encouraged because well again Howard
gets a bad rap sometimes I mean
encouraged by him again again Howard
tried to help me a lot and he was it was
good to me I just he didn't like again
when you're in a junkies life eventually
you don't know what to do you don't know
what to do if you don't live that life
like Howard and I a lot of our rapport
on the air work because he was the most
disciplined human being ever and I was
the most undisciplined he was like The
Odd Couple so he from the first time I
went in there with Norm Macdonald I had
the story about getting arrested a man
thievery he just goes I said I love out
of control guys or fun yeah so when I
got on the show it's four and a half
hours of filling every day where part of
my life so I would talk about going to
Vegas and gambling and you know but I
I'm on the you know I'm on the air
you're the cameras always on you on that
show so I'm on the air committing
felonies like like I got I'm cooking a
bookies dealers office
I there was a guard there after Heath
Ledger died as a joke I said I had the
same dealer as Heath Ledger as a joke
and it was a joke
the DEA shows up at Stern with the with
the windbreakers on says he is gotta
talk to already pulled me out throwing a
commercial I'm like I'm at work bro and
they said and I was joking around I told
him I was I was joking around and one of
the guards and how he gave me to look
Craig sure Allah gave me in my head
sometimes when I think of Greg you know
you have all these moments really like
that one moment are you fat fucking drug
addict you can't kiss Farrah Fawcett
tells another guy that the crazy thing
is you see Greg on stage with the
microphone you never think he's out of
control now he was so smart
the writing was so good a person seemed
so educated how smooth is it okay that
the last movie Chris Farley ever did was
dirty work
and after it right after the dirty work
right before he passed away he hosted
Saturday life so Norma still doing
Weekend Update so norm caught me up and
said listen Farley's out of control with
coke come to the party after the show
cuz I got you gotta help me watch him
but that's how bad he was a high you
know you had to help one eye so this is
this is how fast norm is now this is a
testament to norms Wiz so I'm at the
party and norms talking to somebody and
I'm watching Chris I'm on coke
I'm coked up so so so I see Farley
disappear into a bathroom with Andy
oh okay him and Andy going to a bathroom
yeah they come out five minutes later
like giggling no I'm coming over to me
and goes what's going on with Chris I go
bad news bro he goes where I go he went
to a bathroom with Andy Dick I said
there's only two reasons a man goes into
a bathroom with Andy Dick and neither
one of them's good and door looked at me
without mr. bean said holy fuck I hope
he's high holy fuck I hope he's high oh
good news uh
Chris Farley showed up on a set of News
Radio one day to visit Andy yeah and he
sure he did he had the complexion of wet
cardboard I've never seen a man look
moron hell to do it I went to a strip
club with him at Toronto he shot the
review at the rod three had chicks
hanging I mean he was just like oh yeah
it was fun took a picture of him foam
coming out of his mouth laying on the
ground yeah that's the people you're
around exactly exactly yeah it's like
yeah uh one quick Mitch Hedberg story so
I opened up for Mitch at burg like 22
years ago and he comes up to me at the
show and he goes hey Ida man you're a
fat guy I go that's what he said I go
like I could lose a couple but whatever
what he talkin about he goes I wrote a
joke that um I can't do because I'm not
fat but I give it to you guys because
you know when you're a kid and they tell
you to wait a half an hour after you eat
before you go swimming and I'm like yeah
he goes you should say you've never been
swimming because never been more than a
half an hour since you last ate and I
know that's a great joke can I I could
have that joke he goes yeah so then he
comes back and he was smoking a lot of
weed so he comes back totally serious
because hey man you're right that is a
good joke I'll make your deal if I gain
like a hundred pounds before you do that
on TV I get the joke okay so cut to like
a month later I'm wit nor McDonald's
having dinner with people and norm does
that joke about me he goes hey man it's
Artie's never been swimming it's never
more than a half an hour's is he last
day I'm like where the fuck did you hear
that joke he goes he goes I heard a fact
I do it at the comedy
I go really so I see Mitchell two weeks
later I go Mitch what the fuck bro you
gave me that joke norm said he saw a fat
guy do it at the college store so he's
all fucked up when he goes Hayati man
you know listen I'm sorry you know I I
get fucked up a lot I forget shit I
probably gave that to a lot of fat guys
he was the weirdest joke rider ever
because it was all silly non sequiturs
yeah everything was a non sequitur no
bits transferred into other bills joke
joke joke joke - it's great to watch
Mitch like IIIi get such a kick out of
watch it around do was set where he
starts off bombing like it like it I'll
tell a joke and the audience doesn't get
it yeah and it'll go like okay you guys
don't like me it I'll keep trying and
then he gets him and then the first big
laugh he gets he's like a little kid he
goes yeah he was my favorite to listen
to I listen his album on the way to the
airport
oh as LAX traffic's so horrible and each
it was so silly
yeah it's silly silly yeah and smart at
the sound smart and silly one of my
favorite jokes ever is uh somebody said
do you want a frozen banana I said no
but I want a regular banana latest so
yes well he did a joke once he did this
joke on TV somewhere and you could
almost tell he pause before he did it
cuz he's getting a lot of trouble he
goes my FedEx dealer is my FedEx man is
a drug dealer and he doesn't know it all
right like I used to do drugs
I still do drugs but I used to - well
the crazy thing about him is he would do
you know an hour ten minutes of that
like how the fuck do you remember what
you said and don't say well you're on
heroin
well well that's the thing I forget shit
all the time like I said like I bet on
the other team yes with the bookie I bet
on the other team but he was high when
he was doing shows and and and at the
end the last time I saw Mitch was two
weeks before he died at Stern and then I
went to go see him at Caroline's and it
was like you're watching this
is genius shell a shell literally a
shell like like he was he was you know
taking drugs for people in the audience
pills I took a birth control pill
watching I thought it was a vicodin
someone gave me I don't have the baby it
worked but he was like but scratching at
the walls and shit I'll give you I'll
give you one more quick norm things so
when 30 work came out I got awful
reviews and the reviewer my hometown
paper said already lagging eyes all the
charm of a date rapist that's what it
said so norm goes like this he goes hey
man that's fuckin great
I go I goes a date rapist has to have
way more charm than a regular rapist
[Laughter]
yeah so I'm alive I don't know look
you're you're healthy you're happy you
know one of the things that I'd noticed
when I start seeing you do these little
Instagram videos it's like your your
eyes yeah your eyes are they're your
present which is that that was what was
interesting there was a sparkle to your
eyes that wasn't there the last time
that I saw you right well everything
changes man it did you look at someone's
eyes especially if you're I can't read
your stuff they become Pete yeah you
know yeah you putting poison in your
body so you know I stopped doing that
listen if you ever need anything from me
I'm here just just reach out actually
what my mother's got glaucoma you're
like I have on the show David st. Claire
yes III need I need a contact for him
because my mother's needs that that
optic nerve think she heard yeah I don't
know what they're doing with that yet
yeah they're they've got something where
they're gonna inject bacteria that
somehow or another altered into your eye
and it's gonna fix people's vision well
that's how wide your audience is my mom
said Oh Joe Rogan had a guy on about
optic nerve yes so I stood I got a
David's and Claire's man yeah yeah I
gotta I gotta get the number from okay
yeah but listen Joe - bro listen I love
you man I'm have you feel this way I'm
glad we did this
I'm happy we did and thank you for it
thanks for taking the time my pleasure
all right
you
[Music]